
=head1 NAME

Term::ANSIColorx::ColorNicknames - nicknames for the ANSI colors

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Term::ANSIColorx::ColorNicknames; # messes with ANSIColor
    use Term::ANSIColor qw(:constants);   # now exports the nicknames

=head1 DESCRIPTION

I have a hard time remembering the ANSI colors in terms of bolds and regulars,
and also find them irritating to type.  If I want the color yellow, why should I
have to type C<BOLD() . YELLOW()> to get it?  C<YELLOW()> is really orange
colored, yellow should always be bold.  Also, the color C<BLACK> is basically
useless, on a black background at least, which is my modus operandi, your
mileage may vary.

=head1 THE NICKNAMES

Except where they are intentionally overwritten, the original L<Term::ANSIColor>
names should still be exported correctly.

=over

=item C<blood>

Alias for the color red.

=item C<umber>

Alias for bold red.

=item C<sky>

Alias for bold blue.

=item C<ocean>

Replaces the color cyan, which should be very bright.

=item C<lightblue>

Alias for ocean.

=item C<cyan>

Cyan is the bold of the ocean.  It's a bright cyan color.

=item C<lime>

Bolded green.  It's really a lime color.

=item C<orange> C<brown>

Orange.  Most correctly, what ANSI calls "yellow", but is really more of a
brown-orange.

=item C<yellow>

Yellow.  Technically bolded yellow.

=item C<purple>

Alias for magenta.  I can never remember which is right, probably thanks to CSS.

=item C<violet>

Bolded purple.

=item C<black>

Bolded black.  On dark backgrounds, black is useless.

=item C<pitch>

Actual black.

=item C<grey> C<gray>

Unbolded white.

=item C<white>

Bolded white.

=item C<dire>

Scary yellow on red warning color.

=item C<alert>

Scary white on red color.

=item C<todo>

Iconic black on orange todo coloring.

=item C<mc_dir> C<nc_dir>

The white on blue directory coloring from Midnight Commander.

=item C<mc_file> C<nc_file>

The grey on blue file coloring.

=item C<mc_exe> C<nc_exe> C<mc_exec> C<nc_exec>

The lime on blue executable coloring.

=item C<mc_curs> C<nc_curs>

The cursor bar black on cyan coloring.

=item C<mc_pwd> C<nc_pwd> C<mc_cwd> C<nc_cwd>

The black on white coloring of the current directory on the current panel.

=back

=head1 FAQ

    Q: This is dumb. 

    A: That's not a question, but you're right.  I still use it.

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

You can report bugs either via rt.cpan.org or via the issue tracking system on
github.  I'm likely to notice either fairly quickly.

=head1 AUTHOR

Paul Miller C<< <jettero@cpan.org> >>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2014 Paul Miller -- released under the GPL

=head1 SEE ALSO

perl(1), L<Term::ANSIColor>
